I keep on falling with you sometimes I
love it
sometimes you make me blue
at times I feel used
next week so confused I keep on falling
now
this way give me so much
Hey
I'm taking the mom and would fool
with you
easily your best dance today
and I mean it looks easy it's not it's a
very hard dance to do well hard work but
keeping the know going dizzy all right
Anne Brunell
well your star is right is rising you're
in orbit you were going around there
like a planet oh no actually what is
very difficult if there's only three
steps basically and you kept control on
the lead but confidently you were smart
you made it easy and interesting yeah I
absolutely loved it
it's always the transition into the
natural and reverse turns that are
difficult to do mainly fault you know
the guys because they're leading it and
you did it amazingly well I have to say
there's nice things right well tonight
you were getting the gallon Oh romantic
strong Camila you were melting in his
arms like whipped cream on a coffee
Revel Horwood No
Len Goodman
and Bruno Tonioli gorgeous girl that's
all your hard work
I really want to be you next week now
definitely